# sar-matrix-creation
This is a matlab toolbox for creating SAR matrices given the electromagnetic simulations of a multi-channel transmit RF coil. 
You may run the demo script, `demo.m`, to grab an idea of how this toolbox can be used to create both voxel and local SAR matrices, as well as virtual observation points (VOPs) representing a compressed version of local SAR matrices. 
The example simulation data used in the demo were generated by Alireza Sadeghi Tarakameh using CST.  

If you use the toolbox, please consider citing the following papers:
1) Wu, X., et al. (2015). "Comparison of RF body coils for MRI at 3T: A simulation study using parallel transmission on various anatomical targets." NMR in Biomedicine 28(10): 1332-1344.
2) Wu, X., et al. (2016). "A generalized slab-wise framework for parallel transmit multiband RF pulse design." Magnetic Resonance in Medicine 75(4): 1444-1456.
3) Wu, X., et al. (2016). "Distributing coil elements in three dimensions enhances parallel transmission multiband RF performance: A simulation study in the human brain at 7 Tesla." Magnetic Resonance in Medicine 75(6): 2464-2472.

### Copyright & License Notice
This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of Minnesota. It can be freely used for educational and research purposes by non-profit institutions and US government agencies only. 
Other organizations are allowed to use this software only for evaluation purposes, and any further uses will require prior approval. The software may not be sold or redistributed without prior approval. 
One may make copies of the software for their use provided that the copies, are not sold or distributed, are used under the same terms and conditions. 
As unestablished research software, this code is provided on an "as is'' basis without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. 
The downloading, or executing any part of this software constitutes an implicit agreement to these terms. These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without prior notice.


